Update roadmap (#54)
awesome-kyuubi/hadoop-testing: README.md

## Roadmap

1. Add more components, such as LDAP, Kerberos, HBase, etc.

> 2. Fully templatized. Leverage Ansible and Jinja2 to templatize the Dockerfiles, shell scripts, and configuration files, so that user can easily customize the testing environment by modifying the configurations, e.g. only enable the a subset of components, change the version of the components.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Fully templatized. Leverage Ansible and Jinja2 to templatize the Dockerfiles, shell scripts, and configuration files, so that users can easily customize the testing environment by modifying the configurations, e.g. only enabling a subset of components, and changing the version of the components.
```
